--Patch Notes--

--Alpha 0.29 Update- Developer Update - July 3, 2019
#First Kipling release and 1 year birthday! New features coming soon
ADDED Text now prints better! Text will be delayed normally and fill the whole page
ADDED Made items, people, interactables, and places all have different symbols around them
	* [People], ~Places~, <Things>, /Interactables/
ADDED Made an exploratory map for where you've traveled, and where you are
	* Made it in the orientation of front
ADDED Better coding practices and documentation!
ADDED Better item/people development
ADDED Made for speedrun it turns off the text delay
ADDED Made the game write the log file as well as save when ever it crashes
BUGFIX Fixed some typos

--Alpha 0.28.2 Update-
0.28.2 - Bugfix
BUGFIX fixed the hulk hands and big hits shirt glitch
CHANGE nerfed the bang bong 
CHANGE Made Phil drop coffee so that you can still do quest after you drink the first one
BUGFIX fixed the save files not actually saving the game quests, and now saves settings
ADDED added new secret item and probabilities 

0.28.1 - Hotfix
BUGFIX Hot fix to fix error at end of the game that wouldn't let you win

0.28 - What's that sound?
CHANGE Rearanged the bsb field and renamed it
ADDED Developing capstone room interrior
ADDED MUSIC ADDED!
	Using simple  module, can't be stopped but works and compiles
ADDED lots of sound effects but not enough XD, want custom ones too
CHANGE Improved code modularity and cleaned up github
ADDED a simple bug catcher that if the game breaks it saves the game before anything happens
CHANGE Refined the opening and music
ADDED start screen with credits and disclaimer
ADDED New person to fight in part of quest
ADDED a lot more accepted words in the parser
NOTE Held the feedback session

Alpha 0.27 - Save Files - Jan 2, 2019
CHANGE Removed walls the 2nd floors so you can walk between them where you can on campus
ADDED Comments to a lot of code and Brendan learned how it works, still not sure why it does though 
ADDED save files and load functions for the game!
	Can type savegame, loadgame, or restart to do those functions
	The save filename is based on your character name so to load the game fresh you need name your character the same each time
ADDED Don't eat the peanut butter if you're alergic
BUGFIX Random events
BUGFIX Questline
CHANGED Made health more versatile
CHANGED Added a new player
ADDED Don't listen to the drums 
ADDED Now more texted based than ever!
ADDED You can restart the game and continue at the end now 
ADDED EPIPEN, 2nd floor hatch




Alpha 0.26.1 - Hotfix - December 22, 2018
CHANGE Some secrets now require you to do the quest!
BUG FIX So you can actually finsh the game without it crashing
BUG FIX Time Display was corrected

Alpha 0.26 - The SpeedRun Update - 
ADDED step, command, and time counters that display at the end for speedrunning!
ADDED A command log for later developer debugging



Alpha 0.25 - September 13, 2018 - Initial release!
Base game and storyline

